we got till 11 he doesn't have to cut out my calls we can also you know if you
want to start over oh there's no yep see all I have to do is hauler big cuss
word you have to okay
george I'll ask you first of all about your background kind of how you grew up
and what might have what was in your background that might lead you to write
science fiction since I know you write other things and we'll talk about that
but we'll concentrate on science fiction I don't know you know specifically
where you look for where you began or anything like this I'd have to go with Tom
Corbett space cadet six years old it was a Saturday morning show at the time you
can now see it on night flight on cable and realize how bad it is but then it
was just fascinating and there were they were showing on television the Flash
Gordon serials when I was a kid
comic books movies and about the fifth grade I realized through the junior high
library that the things I'd been seeing visually were printed matter, also the
closest thing I had found to that beforehand was the Odyssey, which in the
fourth grade I had read about six times, because it had you know all the neat
creatures that Odysseus fought and that's still one of the neatest books ever
written, you know. But I think sort of the early media, early television led
into finding written things in junior high, and which were Heinlein juveniles.
I'm trying to think. I can't even think of the books that were put out then, but
it tended to be Heinlein juvenile type books. And from that to the book club,
science fiction book club, to sitting there no longer eating lunch at school so
I could save my money and hit the small East Texas town that I lived in as
newsstand every Tuesday and Thursday when the new books came in. And from then,
you know, why or when I made the decision to be a writer, I don't know. It was
sort of always there in the back of my mind. first tried to write short stories
in 69 i just graduated from college was working at a television station in
lubbock and was getting terribly bored with it and had not read science fiction
all the time i was in college and had picked up lord light and dune and read
those and went gee there is something to this still and so i wrote about about
three short stories and was immediately rejected and completely forgot about it
until I moved to Dallas and became a member of the Dallas Science Fiction
Society. And there met a couple of people who were trying to write. Steve Utley,
Jake Buddy Saunders, Howard Waldrop. I read what they were writing and had sold
their first stories and got very and said, I can write as bad as this. And in
72, summer of 72, decided I would write a short story a month and made the first
sale in September. And the next short story sale in November and first pen name
novel in January, February of the next year. How long then did you continue
having a real job before you decided to cut loose? I don't like that... writing
is a real job. How long did I have a weekly paycheck coming in? I quit, I was
working for Dallas Morning News. Worked for them five years from 69 to 74, at
which time my
wife was South College, was a teacher. And she's sort of talking, and we had
talked, and her thing was, okay, why don't you try? And I was making enough off
the fiction writing at the time that we thought, well, it would be easy
transition. It wasn't, but it was in 74, August of 74, when I quit the news, and
went full-time freelance writing. It took
me about five years to realize how they both connected. I would not say a
journalistic background was necessary for writing fiction or even would help
most people.
And the greatest value, and some people may feel this is an insult to
journalism, but the greatest value I had was it taught me to do deadlines. It
taught me to write under pressure. It taught me to turn out things very quickly
when needed. it also gave me a nice scope of reference in different parts of
life that most people usually don't get into I was lucky in that I got to fill
in I was a general reporter for about three years and I was more or less the
fill in beat reporter for everybody when they went on vacation so I was suddenly
running all the way from the county courthouse the school board city hall you
get to I got to get in and see a little bit and get a little feel at least but
for the last few years I was with the morning news was county courthouse which
covered anything from the county politics to Sheriff's Office, which is a nice
little basis for sort of seeing the structure of power, because most of my books
tend to be about politics and power in a sort of a general sense.
Okay, the first... They can't see you shaking your head on the radio.
there can't be much two-way communication and then it's really bad on the
telephone because then you can't do it so it's sometimes there's a real long
pregnant pause and then both of you start talking at the same time that's kind
of interesting makes it hard the the answer transfer then was your first
published science fiction novel did when did you write it and how did it Oh, God
help.
This was based on a short story idea that I had when I was in college that I had
written part of and I'd written the short story, shown it to some other writers
and they'd went, oh, this is awful. I'd sent out the short story and apparently
the magazines felt the same way.
the ending I liked, and I said this is a nice ending, so, if it doesn't work as
a short story, maybe I can put a novel around it. And the novel sort of stemmed
from
about three years there of death penalty trials and very long sentence trials.
It was the criminal
justice in thing at the time in Dallas to give these multiple thousand-year
prison
terms.
And the whole thing sort of seemed ludicrous to me. And I'm very much against
the death penalty. It just seems like a waste. There ought to be a way to do
something about it instead of wasting human life. And the whole thing sort of
started as thinking, well, why not use a prison colony planet the way we settle
parts of this country? And that never really got into the Esper transfer. It got
into Shadow Man later. But that's where the book sort of stemmed from was going
to those trials. And also at that book point I realized when I was through, this
is a Western and not a science fiction book. And I think it was that book that I
decided if I had a western idea it would be written as a Western and not as
science fiction. And the only time I would use science fiction as a tool is when
it was there as a tool you couldn't tell the story any other way. which led to
the most recent book which is Enemies and is a western and it could have been
done as science fiction but I think it's stronger doing it the way it was
supposed to be done So you're saying that as I'm learning in this process a lot
of writers write in various genres not just science fiction but they'll write
westerns so you're saying they're not really that far apart there are elements
common to both And sometimes you could swing either way. Oh, definitely. I think
the mistake is you get a lot of bad science fiction by people who should have
written it as a war story, a mystery, a romance, or whatever. They're so hung up
on science fiction as the only way to tell a story, and it's not. It's the only
way to tell certain stories. And that's what I'd like to do is limit those
certain stories for me to science fiction and not try to bring in stories that
would be better told in another field. If it's a mystery, write as a mystery. If
it's, like I say, a Western, write as a Western. It would probably be a stronger
story than trying to make up a whole society, whole world to handle it when it
already exists. And then he can play with the characterization instead of having
to make the background. I'm glad you brought that up one thing I gotta ask you
cuz I couldn't find it in the new dictionary what's a punch hits I know who
that's who so that was deliberate it was deliberate it was a little bit of
Tucker is on using a friend's name for something and that's what I did okay
I'll
ask you to comment in major books published he Esper transfer what what did you
think of the cover and the promotion and that sort of thing this was your first
novel I'm sure probably you
know in retrospect it wasn't all that great of a novel I'm not saying it's bad
but the more you write hopefully the better you do and by the time that book
came out I had a other projects so
oh it's one of these strange things with me the project's done it's sold I'm on
20 other things and the high for me is selling it having it accepted and I
probably should pay more attention to promotion and so forth but it's hard to
get excited about something that you wrote 18 months ago and you've had three
other projects completed in that time and you're working on another one, and
that has your interest. I heard Curt Douglas say this, and this is the only
person I've ever heard say that, that once you finish something and you're on to
something else, it's hard to get back to where you were on that and really enjoy
if there's any achievement there, because you're working on something new. I was
really surprised to hear somebody else say that, because I'd never heard it
before. But that's the way I am on it. It's major books. Was a little known book
company and the distribution on it was apparently atrocious.
Nobody read it. Nobody saw it. The cover was OK. It sort of surprised me that at
least the creature they rode was what I had described. There were no winged
demons in it, but it was on the cover.
the surprising thing is the last copy I saw of that sucker sell it I think it
was a $1.75 book $1.25 I can't remember it was going for $5 and I was like wait
a minute but it probably got what most first novels got which was a little or
nothing okay um okay Shadow Man was in the next science fiction book that you
know and it's also the first one I read before I met you in Lubbock I read it so
I known G-O-W Proctor had written. The thing that I find interesting in your
science fiction you don't hit us in the face with the science fiction it's kind
of it's self-explanatory when the guy goes in and I wrote down the accelerated
growth module and the talking caps they're just they're just it's mentioned
offhand and you don't go into to the professor so-and-so does go into two pages
of lecturing on what it is it's just self-explanatory I think that's a talent
that not every writer has they there's there's not explanations in your books I
think they are much more interesting for that reason good so do I you know
that's what I'm trying for Okay. So this is something you consciously try to do.
You don't use that lecture mode. We have to hear how the hell the drive works.
Yeah, definitely. First of all, it's bad writing, and I think more than that,
it's bad reading. I notice it in other people's writing when they do it and you
go, oh my God, I'm fixing to have to listen to a chapter of why this planet is
revolving the wrong way or why this drive works. And it gets down to it, I drive
a car. I have no idea how that car works. I mean, I've got a general idea, but
it's not something every time I get in the car and I turn it on and put my foot
to the accelerator, I think, well the gas is going here and the spark plug is
doing this, and so forth. And I think your future characters that you set up are
not going to do that. They're going to hop on the bus, and if that bus is
automated in some way they're not going to even notice it. And so you have to
slip that in on the reader too. I believe in introducing new phrases and then
immediately explaining that phrase by showing its function or trying to come up
with the words to describe it in its title. I think that is good. It does not
slow the reader down at all. And I have had non-science fiction readers going
through my stuff and saying they were able to read it because of that. One
phrase the yearly psycho profile exam to eliminate any social tendencies that
might not be a bad idea and I said I think it's anti social tendencies wasn't it
yeah I
was taken by that afraid let's
see I also have here in the margin of the Tommy John and the Carrie Ann as far
as it were these are Are these little inside jokes or is that just – I'm a fan
of Tommy John. He's a hell of a pitcher. What's really funny is that probably
one of the biggest Yankee fans I know read the book and never noticed it. They
used to call him the man with the bionic arm before the bionic thing was in.
I've just always been a Tommy John fan, so I named a spaceship after him. Carrie
Ann was a song I had to like at one time. I think everybody slips things like
that in. I won't say they're in jokes or anything, but they make it a little
more enjoyable for the reader to catch something like that occasionally. I have
never seen any writer of any field that doesn't do stuff like that. You can't
help but do it. Sneak up in here. Okay. For what it's worth, Shadow Man is a
direct...
spin-off of what I was talking about, The Courthouse. That is your death penalty
book. This is an answer to the death penalty. And the whole idea is getting back
to, I think, what Gordy Dickson once said of setting up a utopia and then finding
what's wrong with it, and that's your story. And this is where we had the planet
colonized by hardened criminals who had had one thing I called brain wipes and
new personality implants. And they were totally happy world until they realized
what they had formerly been, or at least until one character had. And that did
stem from all the death penalties of what do you do with hardened criminals?
Well, find something. You're wasting a lot of flesh that could be used for
something else. and got to the thing of good and evil at the end, which was a, I
don't know if it was that major, as to trying to come up with something you can
do with hardened criminals and use them in some useful purpose. Whether or not
we'll ever have that capability or not is yet to be seen, but I thought it was
interesting to play with. So Shadow Man and the S for Transfer had the same
route. Yeah. this idea of the psychic or whatever? Definitely. Okay,
I liked Fire at the Center. And I was going to ask, first of all, was that your
title, and second of all, what does it refer? Because I missed it. fire at the
center is my title. surprise me that they kept it. the reason that they came it
is apparently fire is one of those buzz words that sell books. lust in the dust.
lust sells books. so do fire. so does cat. cat in the title sells books. pyramid
means fire at the center. and the book is about pyramids. let's the normal
question fire at the center of what? but that's what pyramid means is fire at
the center. And I do mention it in the book.
I usually read very carefully. I'm still glad I asked it. I liked the thing. I
liked page one. I checked it in. It's page one. You say, there's no time paradox
because you can alter the past. And then you don't have to worry about that
crap. I get tired of Silverberg. does it humorously or something. I get tired of
all of this, again, this endless lecturing on why there wouldn't be a time
paradox. You just said let's get rid of it, and you did. That's what being God
does. Basically a writer is you set up the ... In science fiction, you set up, I
guess, the rules to this game. Now, the next book I write may have a paradox in
it, if I used time travel again, but you set up the rules to this game and if
the reader can accept those rules, then the book, they can suspend their belief
and read the book and enjoy it. I find Shadow Man a much better book. I think it
has a little more depth to it. It's got a lot better characters in it and the
readers like Fire at the Center better, which shows that a writer usually
doesn't know what the readers will consider the better book.
Okay. Next question is the one I alluded to earlier. You must have been
infatuated with dinosaurs, or maybe you still are because the trinosaur's wreck
scenes were realistic and they seemed to be lovingly done and carefully done.
They were. They were done for my wife. The original scene, first 40 pages of
that book, is a novelette I had written strictly for my wife, who is a dinosaur
collector.
They were written only for her, though I tried to sell the stories again, where
I wrote a story and the short story wouldn't sell. Or the novelette, in this
case, wouldn't sell.
So I put another story with it and just used that as an opening action adventure
scene to meet the character, get the reader interested in the book. But that was
written for my wife and my wife only. And that a lot of people else, a lot of
other people have enjoyed it. It means there's a lot of dinosaur fans around.
And everybody seemed to like the Regina rather than the Rex at the end. It hit
me whenever when I was reading it hit me it entered my mind that maybe that is a
female especially They almost got together things kind of change but oh I like
to the detail the attention that you paid just to the crashing sounds and The
description of how it was wondering Pretty damn fast It's a chicken running.
Yeah, with a long tail out behind It's probably one of the most ungraceful
things you can imagine I think there's this love affair with most people in
science in science or most people in general with these gigantic creatures that
disappeared from the earth and it's just too tempting not to go back and play
with them somewhere and suddenly they were here and they're gone Well, they
learned to hide in the trees They're still here
Yeah Yeah, I got interested in when I was seven, and it had a lot of change. My
daughter is six, and she's very interested in it and I never brought them up or
pushed them. Of course, five is a small device where I was collecting myself and
I've literally looked at it every once in a while. We have a plesiosaurus fin
bone now, from one of their flippers. We have occasionally we go out and dig
rocks and get fossils and so forth. And somebody brought us a plesiosaurus bone.
Actually brought it for my wife, one of their little fin bones, which is bigger
than your foot, bigger than my foot, which is awful large. And people bring her
dinosaurs everywhere. students that go over to Russia on summer trips and so
forth will it's where they'll bring her back these little ceramic dinosaurs they
picked up at a museum somewhere or I'm wearing shirt that says have you hugged
your dinosaur today which came from the Albuquerque natural history museum that
person brought us back I think we gave up counting when she had some 700
something dinosaurs.
It shows.
The future that you portrayed for humans in this book was pretty grim. You had
the Kavanites and the Lofgrenists of rigid authority versus maybe some kind of
adversity. First of all, is there any significance in the names of the Kavanites
and the Lofgrenists? No. Though I found out the main character there's Nils
Kendler and this is something I didn't know and I named the group the Lofgren
and I got a couple letters saying well you named that after Nils Lofgren, the
guitarist I never heard of him I was going to ask if you heard he's Nils he
works with New Young he does now well I found
actually what I found out I think he was a guitarist for What's his name? The
Heart-Shaped Glasses Plays the Piano. I think it was with Elton John for a
while. And I'd never heard of him as a guitarist. And it really surprised me.
It's one of those things, a character in that book, I can't think of the name
now, but it came back that one of the copy editors were reading and I had
called,
and i hit the name of one of the writers of hair and i had to change that name
did not realize that either but there was no nils lofgren in there it was it's
something that i'd never heard of the man just your points i know larry nivens
uh oh the one that murdered mystery on the moon he's got a character naomi
mitchison and there's a science fiction writer named You remember what, Naomi
Mitchell said. The subconscious does funny things. There's a
little throwaway line you had in this book that I also wrote down. 50% of the
population says... That is not a throwaway line. But I liked that. That was not
a throwaway line. That has to do with how I feel every day morning when I shave.
This is a dumb way to start the morning with a razor at your throat. And that's
the best line in the book. I wrote it down. And that was one that impressed me.
The other one that I used was that the only universal religious symbol is the
collection tray. That's in there. Those were both very purposely put in. But my
favorite line in the book is about the razor. I chuckled when I came up with
that one. Okay an obvious question then, you must be
somewhat interested in pyramids and so called pyramid power. They seem to be a
universal symbol, kind of attractive, not like dinosaurs. No I'm not. Could you
just do your research? What it was is way back when, before it became the craze,
some kid came up to my wife and was putting it out, showing her these books and
showing her some stuff. And I started looking then and realized, gee, this is a
nice little thing for Quack's to play with. And that's sort of the basis of the
book. And the pyramidology, or whatever they're calling it now, came around
before the book ever got published. Most of that stuff was done prior to all the
pyramid interests coming out. which surprised me that I guess it's ripe for
people that are looking for secret answers instead of using their heads. But
that sort of thing makes very interesting science fiction. It's fun to play
with. Flying saucers are fun to play with. I don't believe in them. I believe in
alien intelligence. I don't believe intelligent beings would be doing all the so
forth things that you see. the other so forth so-called UFO type folks saying
they're doing that's fun to play with.
ok at the end of the book everybody takes off in The Seeker it looks to me like
if you wanted to you could continue do you have any plans to do this? the book
has been written the book has been sold it's called Star Wings Fawcett bought it
Fawcett was then sold to Ballantyne Books oh the book is back in my hands now
and we're trying to sell it again we got the money for it but Ballantyne didn't
want to publish it so whether or not the book is ever published it is really
wild speculation I'd like to see it since I published since I wrote it.
For those who care, it begins 200 years after the ending of the first book and
has nothing to do or does not involve the characters in the first book. It does
involve another Mind Merger
who is mostly mechanical. He has been blown away during a New Loughranes
Kavanite war. And the woman he loves, who is also a psychotic, and it is
psychotic despite what the editors changed it to,
has been killed, and they have cloned her again. And it is an 18-year-old
version of the woman he loves, and he's having to work with her. When she was
nice and young. And he falls in love with the new woman differently, but it
involves time travel again but in a totally different way. And we do find out
about the Urina and the Seeker and everything, but it does begin 200 years. Is
this going to be your known process when you keep writing science fiction? Are
you going to stay in this known universe for a while, is it? No. No, it was just
that...
In fact, the original design of the book was not to be a sequel. The book stands
on its own. And it just happened to be I had this set of circumstances and this
other book idea, and they tied together, so why not use it?
And then Editor Fawcett said, okay. In fact, she even said you don't have to do
it this way. The book stands by itself. I said, well, we've got this and we've
got that, so why not use them? So we went ahead and did it as a sequel, which
may be the problem in trying to resell the book because most publishers don't
like to pick up sequels that were done by another company. So it might be the
situation when we get Fyre at the Center back that we can sell them as a package
deal to somebody. Okay. okay tell me then about Lone Star Universe and how that
got started and how the idea of regional anthology etc sheer insanity
one day a bunch of us who just made their first sales were sitting around
laughingly saying yeah one day there's going to be enough writers in Texas that
we can put out our own anthology and to hell with all these people that don't
buy our stories and as it was I think that was Howard Waldrop was there, Steven
Utley Buddy Saunders and we're just sitting around joking putting a fanzine
together
and I guess I was the only person that really sort of took it seriously and as
it was Steve and I put a proposal together and sent it first to a man out in
Midland, Odessa whose name escapes me now but he was doing Texana-type books,
and he came back and liked the idea but wasn't going to pick it up and suggested
we send it to Heidelberg Press in Austin, and we did, and they picked it up. And
by that time, there were enough known writers in Texas and award winners that it
really did seem feasible and seem like a good idea.
and got put together. Sort of interesting. It makes for a lot of jokes, you
know, regional science fiction. But our thought was, you know, Texan is in, and
here's this whole realm that's never been really looked at. And what's funny is
it sparked a lot of other regional science fiction books. It was the first. And
everybody chuckled and laughed, And then there was about five that came out on
its heels because it had never been thought of. And what was funny is that I
meet new editors in New York. They know my name, Be Alone Star Universe, rather
than some of the novels I've done, which is surprising. But again, New York is
surprised by new ideas, and that's, I think, the reason it was noticed. I lived
in New York when it came out. I tried to get a copy and they made it in the
Science Fiction shop and they had never heard of it. I'd seen it in Texas. Yeah.
I'd seen it in books, and that ... Okay that is a problem. I got a copy of it
from Purple Unicorn last summer when I showed it to you, and I looked it very
surprised. Then, I just saw Scott with about seven on his desk. Can you ...
What's the background on the scarcity? and hoarding and the warehouse, quote,
unquote, that's got books on it. Can you say that without getting us sued for
libel about what's going on? Well, Heidelberg stopped publishing, as best I can
tell, just about the time they brought out the book. There were big plans to do
posters and everything to go with the book, you know, full posters of the cover,
which the cover is gorgeous. it's one of those double take covers and as it was
they sort of went out of business about that time and far as I know only a few
thousand were distributed and they're still sitting in a warehouse somewhere
making scarce items it's surprising that you go to conventions large conventions
in and out of state and there will always be several people ask me how you get a
copy of the book It's rare because it was not distributed. There's apparently
tons of the books still around. You just can't get a hold of them. It's a nice
item to have for a collector.
I told David to collect hardbacks. I said you better buy a guy. They can get you
to sign it and all, but it's one to have. Is there any chance that you'll ever
get the rights back and get a paperback edition out or something like that in a
broader distribution? I don't think so because I think it is, you know, it's a
limited item to Texana. I really think it has more value as Texana than it does
to the science fiction field as a whole. Those science fiction collectors want
it because it is a first.
The stories are good. I think there's a wide variety of stories. science fiction
reviews that I saw of it, their complaint was that there was a wide variety of
stories in there, that it wasn't all nuts and bolts, and it wasn't all New Wave,
but there was everything, and that's whole idea of the book was to show the
diversity of the science fiction writers in this state. I think it did that
well, and I think it produced good stories by everybody that was in there. would
you ever have any illusions of perhaps volume two of course
there may or may not be it depends on I know one person now who is editor for a
Texas publisher and he has has mentioned in passing that he'd like to get a hold
of the first book since it never was really distributed is maybe buy them all
out if possible whether or not that'll ever happen is something else but yeah,
why not, it was fun the people who got it seemed to enjoy it and I still think
if it would get some more sort of distribution it would be a money making book
in Texas
just the the the charisma of the state and the chauvinistic attitude of Texans
which is equivalent to New York we're just larger we buy Texan whether we read
it or not we buy it and I think there's a market for it How did you get, and
maybe I should parent that, why Harlan Ellison to do the foreword? It was
actually windbagging foreword. It was actually good. Well, Harlan writes an
eye's foreword. We knew Harlan and we made no qualms about it. Harlan was better
known than we were. Harlan sells books. Harlan realized he sold books. And he
was willing to do it for us. he's also known to audience outside science fiction
in many cases people read his works and they do not read any other science
fiction so you know it was a selling point also Harlan had a lot of connection
with people here he had a lot of friends here and he wanted to do it
whether or not we would do that something like that on a second volume if there
is ever a second volume I don't know but why not
and I think it is a drawing point gets people to look at the book if they've
ever had a chance to look at the book why is all of a sudden why is there a
large group of writers in Texas? This isn't historical. They've mostly been on
the coast. Is it just now getting to be a nice place to live, opening up? No,
it's been here for 10 years, I mean, as far as science fiction writers go.
They've always been around. They've never been noted as Texan before. I think
early 70s to mid-70s, we had a lot of fans who turned professional, started
selling their stories. They were friends from all over the state. They suddenly
became a very large group that were selling and were noticeable.
That this group was here, had made it, gave a lot of other folks who wanted to
write incentive to do it. and you've got suddenly a whole second wave of Texas
writers coming out, meeting them here for the first time that have just begun to
sell their first stories or their first novel, but you've suddenly got a second
wave of Texas science fiction writers, which is kind of nice. Maybe we ought to
flip it. I have one more question I want to ask you. There's a little bit. Okay.
I want to ask you, okay, you've also edited the Science Fiction Hall of Fame
with Arthur C. Clark. How does it feel to be on the other side of the podium and
be an editor in Pick and Choose? I think most writers think they're better
editors than they are writers. In that case, with Science Fiction Hall of Fame,
it wasn't a Pick and Choose thing. It was merely the paperwork of taking award
-winning stories. They were already chosen. It was just getting the contracts
together and what should have been a three week short work turned out to be six
months of hard labor of tracking people down. And in one case, there was one of
the writers had died and I had to work through this date and it took four
contracts before I ever got one returned. It was the same contract, and they
swore they were sending them back, but I never got them. So I said, well, it
should have been a couple weeks' work turned into six months of ulcers trying to
get the thing together. Would you recommend that all writers maybe go through
that once just to see what it's like? Oh, definitely. See all the garbage you
get to read. I think you probably have more of a normal
editing situation with uh Lone Star Universe um I started out getting those
stories I had a lot of stories submitted that we didn't take I was going to do
something that I thought editors should do is tell them why you didn't like the
story or here's what turned me off and one of the first stories the first line I
had written of his story was ambiguous and I showed him why and I got back the
nastiest letter and from that point I wrote the little sorry this does not fit
our needs this isn't worth my time and effort so you suddenly realize you get
these terrible rejection slips that have been printed out because I think a lot
of people probably react that way
What are you going to do? Are you going to keep writing science fiction westerns
ghost writing just you enjoy what you're doing you think you're going to keep it
up for a while one of the nice things about writing is it allows you the time to
do other things that you want you know i've painted i paint a little bit and
recently turning to word processing i've never played with a computer in my life
i grew up believing you had to be a genius and spend your whole life time
learning to use one. I was drug kicking and screaming into a computer store and
fell in love and have written my first game for computer. And I'm working on a
second one. I'm using them to teach myself to program. And I'm finding myself
being drawn to that a bit. Writing allows me the time to play with that. So
yeah. And I'll continue writing. And I'll have the shot at going out on any sort
of tangents that I want to and playing with that. I think I'll probably for the
time being head for a lot of non-science fiction projects. Things that I've been
wanting to write. I want to do a book called Panels. Which is about a science
fiction fan.
And talking about the 60s. and telling from sort of a different angle. I think
everybody that lived through World War II wants to write a World War II book,
and anybody that lived through the 60s wants to write a 60s book, and I want to
do it a bit differently, and it's going to be told from a point of a science
fiction fan and blame it all on the Lone Ranger.
Man has a rare book over there. Thank you.
It didn't mention art once. No, I was going to talk to you. We'll get that
later.